# Landmark Colonial (LC) Transport Carrier // 2.21.5014u
After receiving a sparse briefing from Union, and a slughtly better one from The Company, **Team Leo** is eady to land on **HERCYNIA** to begin assessing the situation on the ground.

The remote shuttle is to drop the team off, refuel, and return to the carrier, which will be back in one standard year to retrive **Team Leo**.

# Hercynia, Early Spring.
**Team Leo** was greeted by a militia squad, including the Militia Commander **BRAVA HADURA**. She let the team know that **"The Bugs"** are good shots and they should get down and get the shuttle in the air. Once in town, **The Sniper** took a shot at the team and certainly got their attention. 

During their initial meeting with **Patience** and **Edena Ji**, **Team Leo** was filled in on the fact that **Patience** does not believe the **Egregorians** are a realy threat, as some of the raiders have been show to be humans wearing carapice armor. They also have a choice to make. Protect the Engineers draining the Landing Bowl, or hunt the sniper that's been plaguing the colony. After some brief deliberation, they decided to hunt the Sniper. 

After sending the specs for their chassis to the Print Shop, they went to **The Bottom of the Well** for some food, drink and relaxation while they waited for their chassis. Here they met **Claire** the bartender. **EXO** tried to have a conversation with **PVT. ELI “BEEBLE” BENETTON** but it didn't go so well. **PVT. NOVEM** introduced himself and that conversation went much better. He let them know that most of the Militia is not well trained and only has been needing to carry weapons actively for about 14 months, when the raids began.

**Team LEO** set out to track down and deal with the sniper. The path was clear and easy to follow. A little too late, **Team LEO** realized they'd been lead into a trap. An older **Strider** pattern frame and some support mechs and troops were hidden in the forrest and ambushed the team. The fight was long and brutal, but eventually **Team LEO** was able to subdue the insurgent force. The Stider was code named **VENOM** and piloted by a former pirate named **Psalm**. **VENOM** was plated with carapace armor seemingly scavenged from local wildlife, which game it an insectoid appearance from afar. Data collected from his mech indicated he'd been granted clemency in exchange for some time spent in military service. There was no information about service to whom, however. **Team LEO** was also able to salvage a mech-grade sniper rifle, pattern **"Sting"** from the wreckage of **VENOM**.

After investigating and patching up their mechs, **Team LEO** received an emergency push notification from **Pateince**. The outter farm are under attack. **Team LEO** mounted up and set out to render aid. On the way, it became very apparent that something has been amiss with many of the subalterns and drones as dozens, possibly hundreds, were all slowly traveling east, away from **Evergreen**. An emergency transmission on public wideband alerted **Team LEO** that a family was trapped inside a farm house surrounded by an army of subalterns and larger farm equipment. They met **The Chaûs** who confirmed their son and his family was just over the next hill and trapped inside their home. They had left **Evergreen** a few decades back and are not used to getting any help from the colony who now see them as outsiders.

**Team LEO** approached the farmstead and found it surrounded by hundreds of subalterns and drones and a few larger mechs which appeared to be older style Union military. A fierce fight ensued with the largest hostile mech **(BROADCAST)** invading the systems of **Team LEO** repeatedly. **BROADCAST** was discovered to be a **Spite** pattern mech. It was flanked by 2 **Scourer** pattern mechs and 4 **Berserker** pattern grunts. **Team LEO** were all infected with various tech attack viruses, and **EXO** has his mech destroyed by a Thermal Lance from one of the **Scourers**. He was able to escape his mech unharmed and continue the fight. 

The hostiles defeated and the family secure, the investigation began. The farm's Comp/Con unit had been invaded and overwitten by a remote user **BEGGAR_ONE**. The architecture of the signal infecing it was clearly NHP related. **Hound** was able top isolate some of the source code and may be able to use it as a **Cynosure** process in his mech.

**Team LEO** patched up their mechs as they were able, and started the trek back to **Evergreen**.