# Hercynia: Evergreen Colony, Late Spring
It's been several relatively quiet weeks since **Detachment: Leo** arrived in Evergreen and made their presence felt. They discovered and elimiated the sniper **Psalm** who seems to belong to an unknown organization **HUC**. They then were dispatched by **Patience** to a disturbance out by **Liu Maze** and rescused **The Chaus** from a horde of wayard subalterns and mechs which seemed to be remotely controlled.

**Detachment: Leo** spent those weeks integrating into the colony.
- **Voodoo** began work on better training the Militia with **Brava Hadura** and they're already showing improvement. He also started a concerted salvage operation in an effort to fortify supplies and equipment the colony might use in it's defense.
- **EXO** took some time to get to know the lay of the colony and now has a much better understanding of the layout. He's **Streetwise**. He also assisted **Voodoo** in his salvage operation.
- **Hound** attempted to ingratiate himself with **Patience**. He was moderatly successful and call call on **Patience** for assistance, but now owes them a favor after the current mission is complete. He also did some scouting and tracking, and will be able to get some advance information about a fight during the coming mission.
- **Hunk** took the time to get focused on his engineering and inventive side. He also started work on a signal tracking device. He should be able to finish it once he finds a better equipped workshop and a little mentoring by someone with better knowledge of Hercynia's particular atmospheric noise.

Now the colony is on high alert, as skirmishes have again picked up at Evergreen's extreme border. **Patience** called a meeting with **Detachment: Leo**, **Edina Ji**, **Brava Hadura** and some of her officers. **Edina and Brava** went over their reports and initial impressions and accolades of **Detachment: Leo**, then **Patience** gave their report.
Since the monsoon season is starting to wane, **Patience** is now able to retask a weather satellite for limited recon duty. It's limited to static image capture suring fly-overs, and can't handle real-time transmission, but it's a start. **Hound** asked for this information to be made available to **Detachment: Leo**, which of course was agreed upon. **Patience** asked the team to stay local for the next several days with tensions growing on the borders.

# Night Strike 
After turning in for the night, **Detachment: Leo** was ripped from their sleep (or work, in **Hunk's** case) by explosions and emergency klaxons. The colony is under fire. Time to go to work...

The attack came switfly and with a lot of energy. Frames that looked similar in style and loadout to **Venom** began a siege of the colony. **Detachment: Leo** made for their frames and engaged the enemy along the eastern edge of **Evergreen**. **Hunk** stalked right down the middle with shields up with **Hound** on his 6. **Voodoo** flanked south, and **Exo** planted behind the palasades to take some long ranged shots. Enemy artilary started to immediately pummel the defenses, but **Exo** put a solid slug right into the chest plate of the **Bombard**, which survived only due to it's *Siege Armor*. **Archers and Striders** made up the rest of the enemy force, who fanned out in an effort to pin down and take **Detachment: Leo** apart. **Hound and Hunk** were particular tagets of interest running down the center of the field of fire. **Voodoo** engaged with his *Krakatoa Flame Thrower* and melted an **Archer** and a **Strider**. **Hunk** annihilated the last **Archer**. **Exo** took a second shot at the **Bombard** and blew a hole clean through it. **Hound's** turret drones were again MVPs helping to ginish off the second strider, and ending the engagement.

As that **Bombard** fell, the fighting elsewhere around the wall quickly died down as the remaining enemy forces disengaged and melted back into the treeline. As that happened **Patience** send a priority message to **Detachment: Leo**: "The **Stable Reactor** installation is under attack and needs immediate backup". A large *(size 4)* construction hauler driven by **Josiah Wells**  was put into service to give **Detachment: Leo** a ride down river to the reactor installation to lend emergency assistance to the besieged militia there. Hopefully they'll arrive in time.

# The Reactor
**Josiah Wells** trucked **Detachment: Leo** down river to the **Stable Reactor** installation. During the trip, he made mention that he had tried to talk to **Hound** 2 days ago in the garage, but **Hound** just left and looked distracted. **Hound** has no memory of this interaction. Upon arrival they found that **Reactor 1** has been damaged and was offline, and they enemy force was making a play for **Reactor 2**. A Veteren Commander **Demolisher**, several **Ronin**, a **Priest**, and a **Support** were nearly to the power regulator of **Reactor 2** when **Detachment: Leo** made it on scene. Engaing immediately, **Voodoo** rushed in and set a group of **Ronin** ablaze with his flamethrower and a missile pod. The **Demolisher** continued it's lumbering advance on the power regulator. **Exo** put a large shell from ***Sting*** right through the **Demolisher** and then through a **Ronin** on the other side of it. The **Priest** infected **Hound** and **Voodoo** with a virus that would overheat them if they attacked. **Hunk** fired up the *Cyclone* and blew the hammer clean off the **Demolisher** and moved to blockade the regulator. The **Support** set a latch drone out which attached to the **Demolisher**, but the largest threat had already been neutralized. Some of the **Ronin** went for the regulator while one made a line for **Hunk**. **Hound** engaed *Cynosure* in an effort to keep everyone else away from the regulator then started trying to hack down the **Demolisher**. It's *Shock Armor* mitigated most of the damage. **Voodoo** poured more fire onto the **Priest** and the **Support** while **Hound** kept hacking away at the **Demolisher**, taking out more of it's structure. The **Priest** put a *Sanctuary* on the **Demolisher** while **Exo** tried to destroy the latch drone while reloading ***Sting***. **Hunk** *Raised the Banner* to inspire everyone on, and it was short mopping up after that. The **Ronin** and **Priest** were dispatched, and the **Support** tried to disengage, stopped by a kill shot from **Exo** with ***Sting***. **Voodoo** dismounted and demanded the surrender of the pilot of the **Demolisher**, who did so after trashing all of the electronics in his frame. **Brava** and a militia detachement arrived shortly after and volunteered to detain the **HUC** pilot and remand him to **Evergreen** for questioning. 

**Detachment: Leo** patched up their frames on the ride back to the colony and as they were nearing the wall, the sky lit up with fire and explosions again. It seemed the night was not over. A large frame spitting purple plasma and steam tore through the woods, heading right for **Evergreen's Omninode Tower**...

# Regret
**Hound** linked in to the **Omninode Tower** using their Omnihook and scouted the area, managing to scan **REGRET**. This was going to be a hell of a fight. **Detachment: Leo** managed to arrive at the tower just as **REGRET** broke through the wall with a group of **Ronin** grunts and an Elite **Support**. A feirce fight ensued with **EXO** taking a shot at **REGRET**. The shot hit but did minimal damage. I did however promt **REGRET** to cut one of the **Ronin** cleaning in half. The **Support** launched a *Latch Drone* which attached to **REGRET**. **Voodoo** charged right up to **REGRET** and unloaded the ***Krakatoa Thermobaric Flamethrower***, immediately taking out one of the **Ronin**, the drone, and setting the **Support** on fire. Another **Ronin** chared **Voodoo** and landed a nasty swipe with it's *Carbon Fiber Sword*. **Hunk** shouldered the *Cyclone Pulse Rifle* and managed a very nasty direct hit on **REGRET** but it seemed to do less then half the expected damage. **Regret** turned his *Hellfire Projectors* toward **Voodoo** and **Hunk** missing them both, but melting the **Ronin** that had run up on **Voodoo** and also setting one of the building with civilians on fire! **Hound** used *Cynosure* to invade **REGRET'S** systems and force it away from the **Omninode**, and took a shot at the **Support** with a machinegun, missing. **REGRET** did in fact move to the support, drawing an *overwatch* from **Voodoo** which missed. **Hunk** also got an *overwatch* shot with his prototype weapon, which hit **REGRET** for minimal damage. **REGRET** used it's *Avalanche Charge* to bee line to **EXO** and attempt to cut him in half with a *Chain Axe*. The **Support** fired another *Latch Drone* onto **REGRET** and then extinguished the fire on itself. **Voodoo** slide to the burning building and stabilized, repairing cooling his mech and putting the fire out on the building. He then *overcharged* and lit up the ***Krakatoa Thermobaric Flamethrower*** once again engulfing the **Support** and this time **REGRET** with burning napalm. It was enough to burn through thr first layer of armor on **REGRET**, *Imparing* it. The **Support** immediately used it's *Sealant Gun* to put the fire out on **REGRET**, then launched a *Restock Drone*. **REGRET** took another swing at **EXO** who *braced* for the hit and survived the attack. **Hound** burst through the tree cover and went after the **Support** with everything they had, cleaving hrough armor and destroying the *Latch Drone* system, then cutting through more hull with the *charged blade* and grappling it. **REGRET** moved to attack **Hound** and **EXO** took a pot shot with his *missle rack* and *pistol*, doing more damage due to the impairment on **REGRET**. **REGRET** laid into **Hound** with it's *chain axe*, nearly structuring him. The **Support** fired it's *sealant gun* at **Hound** in an effort to slow him down and break the grapple. **EXO** stabilized and reloaded, then took more quick shots at **REGRET** with *missile pod* and *pistol.* **REGRET** lit up the *hellfire projector* again and totally missed both **Hunk** and **Voodoo**. **Hunk** spun up his *assault cannon* and unleashed it at **REGRET** both hitting for appreciable damage. **Hound** continued to carve away at the **Support** cutting it in half with *chain aze* and *charged blade*. **REGRET** shook off the *Imparied* effect and started back in on **Hound** missing with it's *chain axe*. **Voodoo** lit up the ***Krakatoa Thermobaric Flamethrower*** but couldn't get it to catch on **REGRET**. It also dodged a *frag grenade*. **REGRET** let loose with the *hellfire projector* again scoring hits on **Hunk, Voodoo, and Hound**, lighting all of them up with *BURN*. **EXO** activated their core power, and took aim at **REGRET** with ***Sting***, scoring a direct hit. **REGRET** resisted much of the damage, but this was a BIG hit, which blkew off the *chain axe*. **Hunk** unloaded the *assault cannon* and the *prototype weapon* both of which served to whittle down **REGRET'S** armor. **Voodoo** stabilized and put out their fire, *overcharged* and leveled the ***Krakatoa Thermobaric Flamethrower*** at **REGERT**, finally blowing through the last of it's armor and destroying it. the remining **HUC** forces retreated and the fight was over, the night finally still. 

No civilian casualties were sustained in **REGRET'S** attack on the **Omninode**. In the aftermath, **Hound** checked through the wreck of **REGRET** and discovered the pilot, **Anander Danjuro** dead of heart failure. **Hound** also discovered that with a little work using some current **Harrison Armory** patterns and systems, **REGRET** could be salvaged and retrofitted into an **Enkidu** frame.