# Hercynia: Evergreen Colony, Early Summer
After the events of the wild night raid on Evergreen by Rangers of the **HUC (Hercynian United Cities)**, things have been tense, but uneventful for a few weeks.

# Sepulcher
**Patience** has been tracking the signal to the east of **Evergreen** and it's starting to concern them. They've tasked **Detachment: LEO** with investigating it's possible origins. **Hunk** having just finished his *signal decoder* dialed it in, and narrowed the origin to very near **Broadcast Tower 3**, the Omninode repeater tower about 100 k east of **The Grey Towns**. **LEO** mounted up to investigate.

Following both the signal and a river of subalterns and drones east, they came to the base of the tower. Hundreds of machines were decending on the area and were clawing at the earth, deperately digging down into a pit a dozen meters deep. Then rad counters and collision alarms sounded as the earth ripped open from below and hundreds- no, thousands of machines tore their way into the daylight from some underground chamber or cave system. **LEO** prudently started to retreat.

A **Goliath** and serveral **Berserker** grunts formed up to charge. **Voodoo** shot a grapple line from his newly fitted *Atlas* and began to retreat. Some of the Berserkers tried to break the line but failed. The Goliath tried to charge forward but was held immobile my **Hunk's** withering cover fire. **EXO** began a retreat and set himself to start taking shots at the advancing horde. **Hound** leapt into the fray to try to slow the advance and give everyone more time to extract.

More machines boiled from the earth and joned the pursuit of **LEO**, but the grapple line did it's job in slowing them down long enough for a hasty retreat, and **LEO** was able to escape and take a quick breather. The **Edina Ji** contacted them with an urgent message. This was happening everywhere. Thousands of machines were tearing themselves from the ground and marching west, toward **Evergreen**. Almost as an aferthought, she suggested they assist with the evacuation of the **Grey Towns** since they were going by there anyway on their way back to **Evergreen** to help shore up defenses.

# The Evacuation

**Detachment: LEO** arrived on the outskirts of **Merricktown** and met **Jacob Merrick**, the town's founder and defacto leader. He was directing the evacuation, and greatfully accepted the aid of **LEO** and their chassis in the effort.

**Hunk and EXO** ran a perimeter clearing intersections of hostile **Machine** forces, while **Hound and Voodoo** helped direct traffic and choke points.
After they returned, more problems presented and they again had to split up. **Hunk** went to stop a small band of looters while **Exo** stopped a stolen food truck. **Hound and Voodoo** assisted in putting out fires with an invasive plant species and burned even when wet.
Finally, a farmer didn't want to leave his home, and had taken his entire family hostage. After some tense negotiations, things broke down. **Voodoo** called for a breach, while **Hound** was circling around back outside of his chassis. **Hunk** thought it was too soon to resort to force. **Voodoo** fired his *Kraul Rifle* into the house to pull himself in, but **Hunk** backhanded him into the wall instead. The ensuing chaos allowed **Hound** to breach the back door and knock the farmer out without any other civilian injuries. **Voodoo** was not pleased at **Hunk's** insubordination, but it was let go in the moment.
**Leo** checked back in with **Merrick** and having gotten all the civilians out they could, left to escort the column back to **Evergreen**

# Roadblock
The road was a mess. Not rated for this much traffic and still sodden from the extended rainy season, many vehicles were bogged down and some were wrecked. Coupled with the advancing **Machine** army, **LEO** needed to make a stand and hold out for the civilians to get clear. One of the **Machine** lieutenants, **[THE WEAPON]** assaulted the column with reinforcements periodically trickling in, including a pair of **Priests**, 4 **Berserkers**, a **Scourer**, and 2 **Pyros**.

**LEO** was able to hold out and lead the convoy back to **Evergreen**. The **Machine** followed from a distance and didn't press too hard, for now.

# Contingency White
a few weeks after the evacuation, **Hunk** intercepted a tight burst data transmission from an incoming Landmark CRT designation **Contingency White** (also the name of the teames NHP).