# Hercynia: Hivehome, Late Summer
A tunnel entrance was located by militia scouts south of **Evergreen**. **Detatchment: LEO** went to investigate and discovered the remnants of a recently deserted bivouac. **Patience** contacted and instructed **LEO** to investigate. 

# The Camp

After some initial searching, the tinnel lead into a larger antechamber which was being used as a triage area. There were wounded and dead **HUC Rangers**, and **Dthall Ordo**. She gteeted **LEO** with some familiarity, but not enthusiasm. She is was wounded and had lost many soldier in the recent retreat. She is from **Hivehome**, the capital of the **HUC**, the **Hercyinan United Cities**. They've been fighting the **Machine** for centuries, andwhen **Evergreen** was established so close to **Hivehome** 50 years ago, things got very tense. Recently, scouts were sent to investigate and when colonists were seen working with large numbers of drones and subalterns, it was assumed **Evergreen** was actively working with the **Machine**. A campaign of harassment was initiated to gather more information and ascertain **Evergreen's** motives. The escalation of hostilities from the **Machine** going above ground and the actions of **LEO** have made it clear that **Hivehome** and **Evergreen** have been fighting over a minunderstanding, and the true enemy is the **Machine**. She asked **LEO** to go back to **Hivehome** with her to try to make a case for an alliance with the **HUC**.

Just tehn, a priority message came in from **Patience**. **Evergreen** is being surrounded, and **LEO** shoudl return immediately to assit in the defense, or risk being cutoff by the **Machine**. **Voodoo** explained the possiblity of diplomatic relations and possibly allies with the **HUC**. After a long moment, **Patience** agreed that it would be useful to gather some aid, and they left the decision to **LEO**. After a brief deliberation, **LEO** decided to travel with &&Dthall** to **Hivehome** and seek diplomatic ties.

# Hivehome

After several days walking, they tunnel began to widen into a much larger opening. TRhey were met with a staggeringly sparwling vista. An underground ocean spanning as far as they could see in either direction. 