Baba was born Isai, a minor tribe of proud hunters on the frozen planet of Sparr. Life was spartan in its comfort. Where indulgence was often a good story accompanied by a smoking pipe and hot tea over the sound of the crackling  of cooked meat. Raised to only use what was needed, to seek perfection in the basic tasks which could make one an asset to the tribe. With spear, fist and will he worked with his people to feed the many, and sought comfort in the Star Knowledge passed from the Technoshamans of his tribe. His enthusiasm was noticed and he, and his tribe  arrived at a crossroads. Become apprenticed to the Technoshamanism of the Isai, to leash himself to the only world he had known, or embark on a great Walkabout amongst the void.

Grown accustomed to the daily struggles against the environment and Vast of his world,  he had left the hearth and clan he was born to, seeking mastery of Self and the mysteries of the universe. A Voladores ship granted him passage, his retainer as an Espada offered in exchange. For years he lived among the mysterious people and their families, learning of forbidden sciences and seeking Dread Secrets of what existed beyond the only world he had known. He had practiced and dealt in the many ways of making ghosts of men, and earned the name Ntwadumela, He who Greets with Fire, among the other Espada. Life among the Voldes was alien and lonely, though they had been excellent patrons, he had left their employ to seek development elsewhere.

In Union space, among the core worlds he experienced the richness of Humanity's culture, its histories and learned ways and though the  blood of his veins longed for the frost of Sparr, he could not return knowing the frontiers of known space were ever expanding. After being contacted by an SSC recruiter he was offered a position in Landmark Colonial among their Naval Security forces. During the on boarding process and health diagnostic, preliminary brain scans found irregularities in Baba's neural path ways that showed he would be a favorable candidate for their Mech piloting program. With his skill set and aptitude during the piloting training program, he was offered a position in Landmark Colonials CRT. A position he accepted quickly.

The Espada unknown by name, the seeker proud and true,
His endless quest hath rent the stars yet known is he by few